ticdc: add index design for cdc storage sink (#12938)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-sink-to-cloud-storage.md

# Replicate Data to Storage Services

> Since v6.5.0, TiCDC supports saving row change events to storage services, including Amazon S3, GCS, Azure Blob Storage, and NFS. This document describes how to create a changefeed that replicates incremental data to such storage services using TiCDC, and how data is stored. The organization of this document is as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from TiDB v6.5.0, TiCDC supports saving row change events to storage services, including Amazon S3, GCS, Azure Blob Storage, and NFS. This document describes how to create a changefeed that replicates incremental data to such storage services using TiCDC, and how data is stored. The organization of this document is as follows:
```

> - After a DDL operation is performed, the table version is the TSO when the DDL is executed in the upstream TiDB. However, the change of the table version does not mean the change of the table schema. For example, adding a comment to a column does not cause the `schema.json` file content to change.
> - The changefeed process restarts. The table version is the checkpoint TSO when the process restarts. When there are many tables and the process restarts, it takes a long time to traverse all directories and find the position where each table was written last time. Therefore, data is written to a new directory with the version being the checkpoint TSO, instead of to the earlier directory.

### Index files

An index file is used to prevent written data from being overwritten by mistake. It is stored in the same path as the data change record.

```shell
{scheme}://{prefix}/{schema}/{table}/{table-version-separator}/{partition-separator}/{date-separator}/CDC.index
```

An index file records the largest file name used in the current directory. For example:

```
CDC000005.csv
```

> In this example, the files CDC000001.csv through CDC000004.csv in this directory are occupied. When a table scheduling or node restart occurs in the TiCDC cluster, the new node reads the index file and determines if CDC000005.csv is occupied. If it is not occupied, the new node writes the file starting from CDC000005.csv. If it is occupied, it starts writing from CDC000006.csv, which prevents overwriting data written by other nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the files `CDC000001.csv` through `CDC000004.csv` in this directory are occupied. When a table scheduling or node restart occurs in the TiCDC cluster, the new node reads the index file and determines if `CDC000005.csv` is occupied. If it is not occupied, the new node writes the file starting from `CDC000005.csv`. If it is occupied, it starts writing from `CDC000006.csv`, which prevents overwriting data written by other nodes.
```
